feat: add support for Web Bluetooth pin pairing (#35416)
electron/electron: docs/api/session.md

The following events are available on instances of `Session`:

#### Event: 'bluetooth-pair-prompt' _Windows_ _Linux_

Returns:

* `event` Event
* `details` Object
  * `deviceId` string
  * `pairingKind` string - The type of pairing prompt being requested.

>      Value will be one of `confirm`, `confirmPin`, or `providePin`.

Reviewer: [Both forms will work](https://github.com/electron/docs-parser/blob/866dee8603247a9765811eb45fb490b2c1e423ab/src/markdown-helpers.ts#L408). 

`One of` occurs 28 times in the docs; `Can be` occurs 95 times (and is also the only one tested in the docs-parser unit tests). So if we want to stick with one form for consistency,

```
Can be `confirm`, `confirmPin`, or `providePin`.
```

>      Value will be one of `confirm`, `confirmPin`, or `providePin`.

Reviewer 2: It seems redundant to list them in the text and in the list below as well, though!

>      Value will be one of `confirm`, `confirm_pin`, or `provide_pin`.

Reviewer 3: `camelCase` is preferred for property names and values.

    * `confirm`
      This prompt is requesting confirmation that the bluetooth device should
      be paired.
    * `confirmPin`
      This prompt is requesting confirmation that the provided pin matches the
      pin displayed on the device.
    * `providePin`
      This prompt is requesting that a pin be provided for the device.
  * `frame` [WebFrameMain](web-frame-main.md)
  * `pin` string - If the `pairingKind` is `confirmPin`, this value will be
     the pin value to verify.
* `callback` Function

>   * `confirmed` boolean - `false` should be passed in if the dialog is canceled.
>     If the `pairingKind` is `confirm` or `confirmPin`, this value should indicate
>     if the pairing is confirmed.  If the `pairingKind` is `providePin` the value
>     should be `true` when a value is provided.
>   * `pin` string | null (optional) - When the `pairingKind` is `providePin`
>     this value should be the required pin for the bluetooth device.

Reviewer 2: For future-proofing, this should be an object like
```suggestion
  * `result` Object
    * `confirmed` boolean - `false` should be passed in if the dialog is canceled.
      If the `pairingKind` is `confirm` or `confirmPin`, this value should indicate
      if the pairing is confirmed.  If the `pairingKind` is `providePin` the value
      should be `true` when a value is provided.
    * `pin` string | null (optional) - When the `pairingKind` is `providePin`
      this value should be the required pin for the bluetooth device.
```

Emitted when a bluetooth device requires a response to pairing.  This event
allows developers to handle devices that require additional validation for
pairing.  When handling this event, `event.preventDefault()` should be called

> to prevent the default behavior of cancelling this prompt.

Reviewer 2: Requiring `preventDefault()` seems a little inelegant... though it would be annoying to check for whether there are any listeners, it seems like the behavior of "cancel this event unless there are any listeners, in which case the event handler is responsible for calling the callback" is fairly clear.

For that matter... perhaps this would be a good candidate for a `set*Handler` pattern, a la `setPermissionHandler` / `setDisplayMediaRequestHandler` etc.?

Author: @nornagon hmm yeah maybe something like `setBluetoothPairingHandler`.  I agree that `preventDefault()` is a little janky.  I'll look at refactoring to instead use the `set*Handler` pattern.

})
```

> #### `ses.setBluetoothPairingHandler(handler)` _Windows_ _Linux_

Reviewer 4: suggestion: Would it be useful to include a bit about why this isn't needed on macOS?

* `handler` Function | null
  * `details` Object
    * `deviceId` string

>     * `pairingKind` string - The type of pairing prompt being requested.

Reviewer: _(bikeshed)_ "action" seems clearer to me than "pairingKind", which is a little prolix. 

If "pairingKind" is standard terminology, e.g. a phrase used in BT specs or docs or other code, :+1: on keeping this as-is for consistency

```suggestion
    * `action` string - The type of pairing prompt being requested.
```

Author: @ckerr pairingKind maps from [content::BluetoothDelegate::PairingKind ](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:content/public/browser/bluetooth_delegate.h;l=59)

      One of the following values:
      * `confirm`
        This prompt is requesting confirmation that the bluetooth device should
        be paired.
      * `confirmPin`
        This prompt is requesting confirmation that the provided pin matches the
        pin displayed on the device.
      * `providePin`
        This prompt is requesting that a pin be provided for the device.
    * `frame` [WebFrameMain](web-frame-main.md)

>     * `pin` string - If the `pairingKind` is `confirmPin`, this value will be
>       the pin value to verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `pin` string (optional) - The pin value to verify if `pairingKind` is `confirmPin`.
```

  * `callback` Function
    * `response` Object
      * `confirmed` boolean - `false` should be passed in if the dialog is canceled.
        If the `pairingKind` is `confirm` or `confirmPin`, this value should indicate
        if the pairing is confirmed.  If the `pairingKind` is `providePin` the value
        should be `true` when a value is provided.

>       * `pin` string | null (optional) - When the `pairingKind` is `providePin`
>         this value should be the required pin for the bluetooth device.

Reviewer: `null` isn't a valid value when `pairingKind` is `providePin` (is it?) I think this should be an optional string

```suggestion
      * `pin` string (optional) - When the `pairingKind` is `providePin`
        this value should be the required pin for the bluetooth device.
```

Author: @ckerr I believe this is necessary for our typescript definition generation.  Typescript needs a way to know that sometimes this value isn't required.

Sets the handler which can be used to respond when a bluetooth device requires
a response to pairing.  This handler allows developers to handle devices that
require additional validation for pairing.

> To clear the handler, call `setBluetoothPairingHandler(null)`.

Reviewer 5: It might be helpful to explicitly document the default behavior (ejecting the pairing) that occurs if no handler is registered

> Sets the handler which can be used to respond when a bluetooth device requires
> a response to pairing.  This handler allows developers to handle devices that
> require additional validation for pairing.
> To clear the handler, call `setBluetoothPairingHandler(null)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a handler to respond to bluetooth pairing requests. This handler
allows developers to handle devices that require additional validation
before pairing.
To clear the handler, call `setBluetoothPairingHandler(null)`.
```

```javascript

const { session } = require('electron')

session.defaultSession.setBluetoothPairingHandler((details, callback) => {
  const response = {}

  switch (details.pairingKind) {
    case 'confirm': {

>       response.confirmed = confirm(`Do you want to connect to device ${details.deviceId}`)

Reviewer 5: That doesn't seem quite right. That question mark should go before the backtick

>       response.confirmed = confirm(`Do you want to connect to device ${details.deviceId}`)

Reviewer 4: edited!
